Code for same in any language as per your expertise



Question :

5 person started a new ecommerce startup aiming to beat the giants like Ola and
Uber  in their own game. Their first goal is to build the best search and recommendation
engine to make buying experience seamless. 
Their most valuable product went live last week and
had a terrible feedback with their recommendation engine going for a toss.
4 in 10 searches show irrelevant recommendations, though it was as desirable in their test
environments. Their lean team is looking out for incredible person who could provide them with a
safety net on every release and help them beat the giants. In short terms they are looking for a
Giant Slayer like you.
What is their need?
Build a solution to validate if the list of recommended items are valid for the search item
How did they build the platform?
Both search and recommendation engines are purely AI/ML based.
Recommendation engine vary on different parameters
Location
Users previous search history
Users in similar location search history
Users with similar age group search history
First time users recommendation is location based
What do they want?
Build a test safety net on a language of your choice that can make a near accurate validation of
recommended items.
Where do you start?
As a proof of concept show me how you would have validated Ola or uber
recommendation engines.


Question 2:
Coding: Java/python/Node: Provide implementation of stack using array and list. 
Why is array not a good solution for implementing a stack? 
Coding: Solve for maximum area under histogram problem using stacks.
Difference between linked list and doubly linked list.
Coding: Provide implementation of a circular linked list






Question 3-Puzzles:
1. The King and poison wine bottle problem - that he has 1000 bottles of wine and one of them has been poisoned. He has only 15 prisoners. Logic to locate the poisoned bottle.
2. Total number of squares in a chess board
    1. Provide number of edges that will be overlapped
    2. Provide number of edges that will not be overlapped if any


Kindly share your git repos if possible as a solution to these answers




